Fix health docs (#4758)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/resiliency/health-checks/sidecar-health.md

> In this guide, you learn how the Dapr `/healthz` endpoint integrates with health probes from the application hosting platform (for example, Kubernetes) as well as the Dapr SDKs. 

Reviewer: > "- Probed for Dapr sidecar readiness during initialization"

Should we remove this point too? Or what if we change it to 
"- Probed for Dapr sidecar readiness from infrastructure platforms"

{{% alert title="Important" color="warning" %}}

> **Do not depend on the `/healthz` endpoint in your application code**. Having your application depend on the `/healthz` endpoint will fail for some cases (such as actors and workflows) and is considered bad practice in others. The `/healthz` endpoint is designed for infrastructure health checks (like Kubernetes probes), not for application-level health validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Do not depend on the `/healthz` endpoint in your application code**. Having your application depend on the `/healthz` endpoint will fail for some cases (such as apps using Actor and Workflow APIs) and is considered bad practice in others as it creates a circular dependency. The `/healthz` endpoint is designed for infrastructure health checks (like Kubernetes probes), not for application-level health validation.
```
